[struggling]
[Blue Rose]
Nowhere left to run, Bozo.
[TV announcer] Well folks, it looks like
Blue Rose has him cornered!
[gasping]
Her cutie escape
move! How classic!
[struggling]
And at the eleventh hour,
the Lightning Bolt Kung Fu Master,
Dragon Kid makes the arrest!
Ha!
Well, there's no questioning your results,
dear,
but you might want to use
a little more flare.
More flare...?
You know, lay on the charm a bit.
Get some buzz going.
So, keep kickin' ass,
but do it with style, right?
[sighing]
Would you please watch your language?
We've been over this
a million times already.
Would it kill you
to be more ladylike?
What's wrong with
how I talk?
Look, your parents
entrusted you to my care,
and I'm going to see to it you're raised
like a proper young woman, all right?
Oh, hey! Why don't
you try that clip on?
I don't wanna.
Oh come on now, it's a
gift from your parents.
I'll do anything else
you ask, all right?
But there's no way
I'm putting that thing on!
[scoffs]
[theme music]
[opera music plays]
[gasping]
So, how was it?
Did you sleep all right
in the chamber I developed for you?
Feelin' fit as
a fiddle!
Are you still
in pain?
Don't worry,
I'm fine.
That palm-face bastard's attack
was a joke!
[whispering]
[Barnaby] Well, you've got endurance,
if nothing else.
[Tiger] If nothing else?
Did you really have to tag that on?
[whispering]
[alarm sounding]
Tiger, we have an emergency.
Get to the training center ASAP.
[Tiger] What is it?
You'll see when you get here.
-[Dragon Kid] Oh, he's adorable!
-[Fire Emblem] I could just eat him up!
[Sky High] Yes, he is cute.
-Me?! You're kidding, right?!
-Afraid not.
[Blue Rose] Hey what's going on?
Who's the kid?
[Rock Bison]
It's the mayor's son.
[Blue Rose] Huh?
[Rock Bison] He and his wife have
last minute business to attend to,
and he wanted Tiger
to keep an eye on the boy.
Huh?
[Tiger groaning]
Why couldn't they have just
gotten the kid a babysitter?
There's been
a string of kidnappings lately
targeting children
from wealthy families.
The mayor felt safer
leaving his son with a hero.
What does he think we are,
his personal staff?
Well, like it or not,
that's your assignment, now.
Take care of little
Sam, got it?
[sighing]
Man, how did I get
stuck with baby duty?
-[Barnaby] This is perfect for you.
-[Fire Emblem] Seriously!
I bet you're gonna make
an awesome dad some day!
Huh?
Some day? He already is
an awesome dad.
What are you talking
about?
Shh! What, didn't I ever tell you?
It's true,
I have a nine year old little girl.
Huh?!
Oh my god, that means you
have a wife, too!
Actually, we lost her to
illness five years ago.
[all] Oh.
Ah hell, look, there's no need
to drudge up the past.
Sleeping dogs, and all that.
That makes sense.
Well, at least now we know
why you were chosen for this assignment.
Huh? Did ya have a
good nap, little guy?
[wailing]
What the hell?!
[sobbing]
Oh, that's right,
it completely slipped my mind.
He's a telekinetic NEXT,
you'll have to be a bit careful!
-Thanks for the heads up!
-Get him to stop crying already!
Okay! Stand back, guys!
I got this!
Who's a big boy?!
Sky High!
[sobbing]
Sky High?
Uh, thanks and thanks again!
Heh, piece of cake.
Cheer up little buddy.
[sobbing]
Oh, no.
Pass!
No, honey! I don't
do the baby thing.
But maybe what this situation needs is
a more feminine touch.
[gasping with glee]
There, there, you're
okay, baby.
[woman moaning]
[sobbing]
Oh, now, that's
just rude.
-A wife. A daughter.
-Hey, Blue Rose, how about you?
Okay, then.
Forget I asked.
Dragon Kid! You give it a go!
What am I gonna do?!
You said you needed a girl!
-Hello, you are a girl!
-But I'm not girly.
[sobbing stops]
[cooing]
Hey, looks like
he's sweet on ya.
Ni-hao.
So, why exactly do I
have to be here?
You're my secret weapon.
If he starts crying again,
I need you around to calm him down.
Why did you bring him
over to my place?
Huh?
The mayor asked for you,
Papa Bear, not me.
Ah, come on,
we're supposed to be a team, right?
Besides, I don't want the kid
wrecking any of my stuff.
But you thought it would
be okay to wreck my things?
What like your computer?
So a laptop breaks, big deal, eh?
He's a scary lookin'
guy, isn't he?
[whimpering]
[sobbing]
Ahh! I'm sorry, I'm
sorry!
Huh?
That's the precious heirloom
you didn't want him to break?
Some boys never grow up, do they?
[Dragon Kid giggling]
You collect toys?
Not exactly.
You see, this was a gift from my parents.
[both] Huh?
[Barnaby's mother]
Happy birthday!
Here, son, this is for you.
Happy birthday.
[young Barnaby]
Cool!
I love it, thank you.
Oh, I see.
Sorry.
[cooing]
I think he wants to get
his hands on your robot.
Just try to be careful
with it, OK?
Don't tell a baby that.
Did your mommy pick out
that flower pattern for you? So cute!
Huh? You're kidding, right?
You know,
it might not look too bad on you, either.
Oh please, whatever!
Ah, you'd be cute as a button!
I don't have any interest
in being cute, okay?
[both] Uh.
It's funny, my folks gave me somethin'
just like this and I couldn't care less.
Hey now, look.
You've gotta understand what it's like for
parents when they're
picking out a gift for you.
Even if they're far away,
they're thinking about you in that moment.
Who cares?! They don't know
the first thing about my feelings.
All right, easy now. Try to keep
an open mind, he does have a point.
You should always
treasure the things your parents give you.
Sharing's not really your strong suit,
is it?
That one?
Mmm... doesn't
smell right.
Well, on to the next.
Here I come...
Coochie, coochie,
coochie, coochie, coochie!
[giggling]
[sniffing]
Ugh!
[cooing]
It was worth putting you
through all those special classes!
That's right.
You're the pride of our family!
No, the pride of the entire country!
Here, Pao-Lin. Wear this on
your road to becoming a famous hero!
Uh... okay.
[Tiger] Dinner's ready!
Come on now,
you're hungry, aren't you?
[groaning and sobbing]
I'm not givin' up that easy!
Please, no more
messes in he----
Let me take care of this!
But... I went through all the trouble
of making it!
[sighing]
[grunts]
Huh?
Wait, are these...?
Uh... hmm...
[Dragon Kid]
There, there, that's a good boy.
-Are they out?
-Like a light.
Today really bummed me out.
It's sad to think a kid could know
so little about her parents' feelings.
You talking about Dragon Kid?
Hard to ignore.
I send stuff to my daughter, too.
Can't help but wonder
what my kid thinks of me.
[Barnaby] So... how are your
injuries doing?
Don't tell me you're
worried all of a sudden.
Uh, well... The only reason you got hurt
is that you were trying to protect me.
My endurance is all
I've got, right?
[chuckling]
As far as I can tell.
So, uh, all that data that popped up...
did you complete that all on your own?
Yeah.
Digging all of this stuff
up by yourself
must have been one
hell of a rough road, huh?
I've been searching
desperately for 20 years.
I watched my parents get murdered.
That single day has been
haunting me for my entire life.
You saw it then.
Did you get a look at the murderer's face?
I think might I have,
but I can't remember it.
My memories of that day
are pretty faded by now.
The only thing I can still see clearly
is the tattoo on his hand.
Tattoo?
I've been chasing the murderer
for most of my life,
with only this mark to go on.
And then one day,
I just turn on the news
and there it is
staring me in the face again.
[judge] I hereby sentence the accused,
J. G. Benjamin,
to 250 years
of solitary confinement!
Court is adjourned!
Hold on! That mark!
What is it?!
I finally found you,
I'm not letting you get away!
[bailiff] Get back, young man.
Not until he tells me
what those symbols mean!
You know! Please tell me!
Ouroboros.
Ouroboros? What is
Ouroboros?
[Barnaby] I had established a link
between this symbol
and some kind of group called Ouroboros.
But the one lead I had went up in smoke
as the man I stumbled across
went mad in prison
and eventually died.
It's been two decades and I still
haven't caught up with my parents' killer.
If only I could remember
what the bastard looked like.
Trust me, I get why you're frustrated.
But maybe you need to ease off a bit.
You're not gonna force
the memories to come back
and wrackin' your brain
like this isn't helpin'.
I wouldn't worry about it,
you're gonna find the guy.
Hey, hey! Morning you guys! What?
[snoring]
Smells like a bar.
What do you say
we go for a walk?
Oh, I'm in heaven! Breathe it in, sisters,
that's the smell of money in the air!
This place is teeming
with high society types.
Get a load of
this over here.
Hm?
Yeah sis, I'd say this one
is ripe for the picking.
-[cooing]
-[giggling]
[doorbell ringing]
-[Tiger snoring]
-[Barnaby groans]
I shouldn't have been
so careless.
[doorbell ringing]
Oh, please, shut up! I'm tryin'
to get some freakin' sleep here!
Ms. Agnes?!
Huh? Ah!
Do you know how long
I've been ringing this bell?
Thanks for going through
all the trouble.
Well believe me,
I didn't do it for your sake.
Huh?
We need to make sure nothing
goes wrong. This is the mayor's baby.
Oh, well, we better not screw it up.
So, where is the baby?
He's been pretty quiet.
I think he's still sleeping.
[Mari] Start talking. How do we
get in touch with your family?
[Lily] And don't even bother giving us
the run-around, honey. I can smell lies.
Hm!
Leave him alone!
I don't have all day!
[phone ringing]
Where are you two?
Your daughter's a
little busy right now.
[Agnes] Who is this?!
If you want your kids back,
bring one million Stern dollars to
warehouse #3 at the West Bronze Docks.
[Agnes] What?
And if you even think
of going to the cops,
the kiddies are dead, okay?
Kidnapped 'em?!
How the hell could you
let this happen?
What are we going to do if those people
hurt the mayor's baby?!
Wait a second!
What are we sitting around for,
we should just go get 'em.
Are you crazy, they're holding Pao-Lin
and the baby hostage out there!
Don't worry, I
have a plan.
Huh?
[Barnaby]
The kidnapper only heard your voice.
When we get to the meeting point,
you'll pose as the kids' mother
and keep them occupied as long as you can.
Then me and the old man here'll rush in
and snatch the kids.
Damn it, don't look over here.
All right lady, hand over
the money.
You're the serial kidnappers
that everyone has been talking about
on the news, aren't you?
Oh man!
It's so crazy how famous we are!
Although kidnapping
sounds so ruthless.
Think about it,
all we're really doing is babysitting.
The only thing is, our
fees are a little high.
My children, are they still safe?
I wanna see that they're okay.
Hold it, you're not
their mother, are you?!
Something's wrong. I'm not smelling
a lot of green on this lady, sis.
Don't screw with us--
we can smell your lies a mile away!
You take care of Agnes!
Come back here!
Are you all right?
[sighing]
[gasping]
My skirt is filthy!
Huh?
This is one of
my best outfits!
You round up those hussies,
you hear me?!
Got it!
That hurts!
[gasping]
Hey, I've seen you before.
Oh, wait! You're a hero, aren't you?!
Yeah, and what if I am?
[sniffing] Hmm, doesn't smell
like it pays very well, go figure.
That's none of your
business.
Oh, I'm sorry.
But come on, can't you
look the other way for little old me?
-[giggling]
-[laughing nervously]
Look, that's not gonna
work on me, okay?
Please! Don't listen to him, he loves it!
Oh get over yourselves,
what do you think I am, an idiot?!
[giggling]
[grunting] Damn!
That's what you get for
letting your mind wander.
Stop right there!
Good idea. Ask them to stop.
I'm sure that'll work.
Well, he's not
sweating, is he?
He's sleeping through
his own kidnapping.
Hmm?
[sniffing]
You smell like trouble, kid. Spill it.
Are you a NEXT, like me?
You?
That's right, and the
same goes for my sisters.
Mary can sniff out
money from a mile away.
Lilly has the knack for sniffing out a lie
and then I, of course,
have a nose for danger.
We decided to put our powers to use
and start a babysitting service.
And kids like you, with your
oh so loving mommies and daddies,
are always our best customers.
My loving parents?
Don't play dumb. I mean,
just look at that baby's hat.
The yellow marigold is a
symbol of health.
A symbol of health?
It's obvious how much
your folks care for you.
I'm guessing they'd pay anything
to get you back safe and sound.
Here, Pao-Lin! Wear this on your road
to becoming a famous hero!
Oh come on now,
it's a gift from your parents.
But there's no way I'm
putting that thing on!
I don't think I
like what I'm smelling.
Mari! We got some
heroes buttin' in!
What did you say?!
Damn it! Where the
hell did they go?
They're comin! What
do we do?!
The scent of danger is wafting in!
Start the car, we're out of here!
We'll leave the girl behind!
Huh? But why?
The kid's a NEXT,
she's a liability.
Huh?!
[whimpering]
The baby is a NEXT too!
[sobbing]
[gasping]
Will you do something
already!
[coughing]
Undo these handcuffs and
I'll think about it.
Not gonna
happen, okay?
Hmmm!
[sobbing]
[all grunt]
Sam!
Hah! Electricity won't
work against me!
[gasping]
[grunting]
You don't wanna lose
your special hat now, do you?
Come on, let's put
this back on.
[screaming]
Don't worry, buddy,
almost done.
[gasp together]
Huuuh!
This is insane! They'll kill us all!
So... much danger.
We surrender!
You wanna see me
go full power?
[trembling]
Hang in there, Dragon Kid!
It's cool, I took care of it.
Huh?
With a little help from
this guy.
[cooing]
Hmmm...
[chuckling awkwardly]
[Tiger] Hmm...
I didn't get to do a
thing today.
[gasping]
[opera music plays]
What the hell was
that!?
Bunny, what's
the matter?
[groaning]
[screaming]
Thank you. I really am in your debt.
I hope it wasn't too much trouble.
[Agnes] Oh goodness, of course not.
[Mayor chuckling]
You're gonna miss
him, aren't ya?
Are you kidding?
Don't be silly.
Hm? Hey, what
you got there?
What, this?! Well--
[gasping]
It's just something
my parents got for me, so--
Well, how about that?
Makes you look really cute!
You think so?
[giggling]
[phone ringing]
Hello?
Hey, Kaede!
Hey dad, what's up?
I was just wondering, you know
that one hair clip I sent you?
You still have it, right?
Huh? Sure. That gets
used every day.
Oh, good!
I'm glad!
Grandma wears it.
Uh, great.
[theme music]